Which jobs are most crucial?
The most crucial job right now is to create a UML diagram so that we can flesh out our ideas. We are still debating whether we
should do a java version first or just start with Processing, because we have very little experiences / resources with 
Processing so we are very prone to errors and dead-ends. But at the same time many tasks that we want to accomplish would be 
less meaningful if we did the text version. Also, the user experience in the text-based java version (entering keys) would be 
really different than the user experience in Processing (mouse clicked, drag and drop). So making the Java version wouldn’t 
really help with converting our code to Processing??? 

Which components constitute core functionality (vs non-essential)?
Core functionality: have a functional game that responds to customer’s orders and serve customers based on their priority.
Non-essential: GUI? Processing?(open to discussion)	
	
Which components are prerequisites for others?
Making sure all members understand the structure and the flow of the game is the prerequisite for everything else 

Which tasks can be delegated, and which must be collaboratively tackled?
Collaboratively tackled:
    - Making the UML diagram and flow charts
    - Deciding whether we should start with Processing or Java
    - Making the driver class
Delegated
    - Completing chunks of the game (one is responsible for the store, the other is responsible for the customer, and the last person is responsible for the Food)

What is the timeline, and how does it accommodate setbacks, course changes?
5 / 30 / 2018: worked on the UML diagram, not completed
5 / 31 / 2018: decide whether we are working on Processing or Java first; finish making UML; start on flow charts
6 / 1 / 2018: finish flow charts
6 / 2 / 2018 - 6 / 3 / 2018: complete the chunks 
6 / 4 / 2018 - 6 / 5 / 2018: put the chunks together by testing them on the Driver
6 / 6 / 2018: add in GUI if possible 
6 / 7 / 2018 - onward: Not sure if we are doing presentation for the last few days. When is the deadline?
